yes
hey guys I'll box 77 here and in this
video I'll kind of give you my tips on
how to make a good start to fifa 13
ultimate team as well as tell you what
I'm going to be doing I know it's
probably been plenty of these videos up
recently but as I said this is my take
on things and of course I'll be
specializing in Silver's again so in the
background will just be a school update
where I'll just let you look at all of
my current teams and the substitute town
reserves etc most of them probably be
the same as previous score updates but a
few of change and gains more subscribers
since then so some people may not have
seen them anyway I mentioned this a lot
but I've mentioned this a lot before
when people ask me how I've got all of
my coins and I've always said investing
especially in the first week now if you
do well in the first week this can set
you up for pretty much the rest of the
year and you won't have to worry about
how about making coins again so firstly
when it comes to which version of fifa
i'm going to buy is even or fifa 13 or
the ultimate edition the old tradition
or most websites is about 10 / more
expensive but you get the 24 gold packs
as a bonus which as well as last year I
think are only the normal gold packs
last year I bought this and to be honest
we get in these packs is a load of
apart from contracts so what we're doing
this year instead is buying the normal
version of FIFA and then putting the
money I saved towards a season ticket
which is short in short but allow me to
access the game everything about my
ultimate team and also give me a bonus
of 24 premium gold packs one every week
for of course 24 weeks so these are
premium gold packs as I said not like
the auto edition where they're only
normal gold packs I'm not going to go
into detail about the season ticket but
if you're interested in finding out more
about it then go and check out the link
i'll give you in description as a really
good video it was out earlier today by
out / 27 HD you're basically explains
everything about the season ticket and
if you want to also include ea's link
where most of the information is from so
yeah when it comes to house I'll start
or how to get the best start it all
comes down to the web app before the
game release last year they allowed you
onto the web app one week before the
release of the game which let you open
your starter pack and your bonus
returning packs if you've played the
previous fee fat which i'm guessing
everyone watching this will probably be
entitled to now i'm not sure
this is going to happen again this year
as you haven't announced it yet but I
believe they'll definitely do something
similar and there will be the bonus
packs to returning players so on the web
app in the this first week there's
plenty of ways to make a fortune and
there's plenty of things I'm going to do
to make my money the first thing is
getting lucky in your free packs if you
do happen to get a decent player in your
free packs you have two options sell the
play in the first week or sell the plate
when the game is fully released and last
year I did get lucky and gone 80 in my
free pack and sold in for 40k in the
first week so I get a hold of some money
to trade if you don't fancy trading in
this first week you can keep all of your
decent player and sell him for more when
the game is actually released and in my
case I could have waited and sold fo for
closer to 100 k anyway though not
everyone will get lucky in this their
packs and if you don't it's fine there's
always a chance you're going to get more
money and that could come from the daily
gifts which I'm assuming EA will do
again which can be anything from 5k to
bid tokens or even a mini gold pack make
sure you log on every day to get these
as daily gifts most the time or
literally free coins when you get some
coins whether it's your trading which I
did or through daily gifts you can
choose a number of options you can
either buy team you can keep trading or
you can buy players as investments as I
mentioned earlier the players out on the
web app will be a lot cheaper than they
will be on the game and the game is
released because what people want the
most is coins so what I did and how I
made lots of my coins was through
investing something I'll also be doing
this year so basically through lots of
trading on edge to fourth and inform
Cavani for ATK in from weekly for 40k
and a full serie a team with the likes
of Thiago Silva i use the team that
started fifa and after that about a
month i think i should sell the whole
team for close to about 800 k so that is
an absolutely massive profit there as
only cost me about 150 k in the first
week there's plenty of coins we made
there this year as are we focusing on
Silver's we'll probably do is keep
trading and make lost silver teams in
the first week when the players will be
at their cheapest and invest in some of
the team of the week players as well as
investing in some top Silver's
especially the five stars killers when
it comes to anything else to invest in
I can't tell you the exact case to
invest in as of course there is trust
which does have the sub estimated
ratings from the test data but those are
going to be exact so I can't tell you
exact place but the place look out for
of course the five-star Skylar's and
definitely the team of the week if they
do it like last year there was at the
end of a team of the week which is only
out on the web app for about one or two
days so the likes of informally and
plays that that were in this meaning
mickley was only out for about one day
and unless you were going to buy some
gold packs you would only be able to get
mikkeli if you got lucky in your starter
packs or your returning packs so that
means it was incredibly rare and that's
why I managed to buy them for 40k in the
first week and then still enforce it was
something like 250 k which absolutely
ridiculous the month after so players at
that the informs if you do man is really
hard to get enough coins to buy these in
forms if you do manage to get it you can
make some serious money if you keep them
for a month or two if you don't enough
coins for these sort of players though
you can also look at the bronze players
or things like consumables if you look
like bronze players just look at the
pasty ones the English for example the
English centre-backs english league any
of those sort of players or sell for a
lot more in the first week will sell for
a lot less than the first week I mean
and you can sell them for a lot more
anytime after and you can also do it
with stuff like consumables as formation
cards and training car stuff that would
be a lot cheaper in the first week and
then after they will explode and sell
for so much more when people are trying
to make their teams so I've covered a
lot in this video and I hope you find it
find this helpful have gone on a
probably a bit too long but oh well if
they're more any more questions you want
answered just leave a comment or send me
a message on Twitter and I'll happily
answer it I was going to do a review for
today but instead I've been working on
two massive videos will be doing soon
and those are my top 11 silvers and
inform silvers from the year so
basically it will just be a team
whatever formation they fit into with my
favorite Silver's first video be my
favorite normal silver players and the
second video will be my top 11 favorite
silver inform players this year so look
out for them in the future thing be
coming weeks i think the normal one will
be out sometime this week and the
informant sometime next week
and put a lot of effort into these to
make them really really great videos and
sort of kind of cap off fifa 12 anyway
thanks for watching and I hope you
enjoyed the video Cheers
you